feat: Allow to define model via HUGGING_FACE_HUB_MODEL environment variable (#27)
huggingface/hfcc.nvim: README.md

    4. Install the [huggingface-cli](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/quick-start) and run `huggingface-cli login` - this will prompt you to enter your token and set it at the right path

> 3. Choose your model on the [Hugging Face Hub](https://huggingface.co/)
>     1. Pass `model = <model token>` in plugin opts or set the `HUGGING_FACE_HUB_MODEL` environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose your model on the [Hugging Face Hub](https://huggingface.co/), and, in order of precedence, you can either:
    1. Set the `HUGGING_FACE_HUB_MODEL` environment variable
    2. Pass `model = <model token>` in plugin opts
```
